1. What is regression? What is retesting?

Regression represents the testing of all the area of the code/functionalities that might have been affected during the solving of a bug. 
Re-testing means testing again the functionality that did not work prior to repairing the bug.

2. What is the relationship between the following: error, bug, defect, fault, failure.
The terms are related causaly or can be considered synonimous, depending on the source. 

3. Name the difference between agile & v-model. (Please specify some roles and cycles for these)
Agile is an interative method - work is done in iterative cycles lasting between 2 weeks and two months, whereas the v-model is a "cascading" method - each stage takes place one after another.
While testing is done early for both, only in Agile is the actual test execution done during each iteration. 
Also, software is released after each iteration in Agile, whereas in V-model projects this is done only after the testing period (which follows the coding)

Cycles for V-model: Requirement Design, System Design, Architecture Design, coding, component testing, system testing, acceptance testing

Roles for agile: product owner, project manager, tester, developer, scrum master
Roles for v-model: project manager, tester, developer

4.  Please state what is black box testing? How about white box testing? You can also give an example.
Black box testing represents testing without access tothe code. (e.g., functional tests) 
White box testing represents testing with access to the code (e.g., unit testing)

5. In the images folder you have a login form. Create Test Cases for the given form.

Please state the testing types(functional, non-functional, black box, white box, design technique) for each TC created.

Functional tests (black box): 
	Registration:
	Check if clicking the Sign Up button will take the user to the "Create Account" form
 	Check if pressing the facebook icon takes the user to the facebook login page
	Check if pressing the Google+ icon takes the user to the Google+ login page
	Check if pressing the Linkedin icon takes the user to the Linkedin login page

	Check if registration can be done with the name field left blank or containing numbers or unallowed characters (we can use equivalence partitioning for this)
	Check if registration can be done with the e-mail field left blank or with an invalid e-mail address format (format should be name@domain.last-part)
	Check if registration can be done with the password field left blank or containing unallowed characters (we can use equivalence partitioning for this)
	Check if valid registration data is added in the database 
	Check if we can registrate two different users with the same user ID at the same time

	Login
	Check if pressing the Sign In button takes the user to the login form
	Check if pressing the facebook icon takes the user to the facebook login page
	Check if pressing the Google+ icon takes the user to the Google+ login page
	Check if pressing the Linkedin icon takes the user to the Linkedin login page
	Check if login is validated with an invalid username
	Check if login is validated with an invalid password (using equivalence classes)
	Check if we can login with valid login data
	

GUI tests (black box): 
	- form displayed properly at different resolutions
	- colours are displayed as per the specifications
	- the company logo is displayed properly at different resolutions
	- form is displayed properly on different browsers and OS


Non-functional tests (black box)
	- compatibility testing (accessible from different OS and browsers)
	- load testing (how the website reacts at different numbers of users)
	- stress testing (if the form functions properly when a large number of users attempt to create an account at the same time)
	- security testing (if the error at wrong login specifies whether the username or password are broken)
	- security testing (if you can login with the corret username but wrong password)
	- white box testing (code testing)



6.
Subject: Registration with blank password allowed
Build: 0.8
Steps to take: 1. Go to the Diprella Sign Up form 2. Add a valid name and e-mail address 3. Leave password field blank
Expected Result: Error "Password length is insufficient" is displayed
Actual Result: Registration is validated
Attached: log and .gif screen capture 




